here at the Adobe offices we just
finished up our final live stream we
actually live streamed three days in a
row for two hours and so that was a ton
a ton of fun but before this livestream
I was actually dealing with some some
like hate from a previous video that I
posted the canon to sony camera video
and there was just some things that
actually really got to me and I'm not
gonna dive into it here because it's
honestly just like not worth the time
but that is a interesting topic that I
actually get asked what like how do you
deal with hate online or like how do you
do with hate in the comments of things
or people tweeting at you or facebooking
at you as person who gets hundreds and
hundreds of comments about my art or
about what I do every single day is a
tricky thing to handle after I got some
kind of like mean comments I was kind of
emotional and I almost made an entire
youtube video about it talking about it
however I think it's always worth to
sleep on those emotions have a sleep and
then wake up the next day and think
about is it worth it if I make that
video if I make that phone call if I
text that person that message is it
worth it is it going to benefit me or is
it just gonna stir up more stuff one of
the best pieces of advice I have gotten
pretty much my like entire life was from
one of my mentor at some where I worked
and he said never express emotion or
never really say it your feelings via
email which is so so true because
emotion never translates via text very
well so whether it's email or really
even text messaging it's like always
pick up the phone this is completely
off-topic to like me talking about hate
and comments and hate and online but
just in your general life as you're
living life never express emotion via
email or text and I think it solves I
think that solves a lot of problems
quicker it's just like pick up the phone
or have that conversation face to face
has anyone ever like written you know
like expressing everything and then it
just comes off wrong if somebody has an
email to me at least personally yeah I
sort of describe to them with me yeah
because it's just like I want to work
with someone who's overly I'm about and
and it's wool and it's one of those
things where it's like people say you
know just write out all of your feelings
are right on email but don't put a
subject in the to like right all your
feelings or whatever and then sleep on
it and then you'll wake up the next day
and be like I'm glad I didn't write that
I'm glad I put that letter in my drawer
I'm glad that's in my drafts and not in
that person's inbox what's the
expression say something don't react
something I don't know
I think blank don't react I don't just
react to situations like I think it out
right
and honestly today I was just so salty I
expressed most of my saltiness in my
Instagram story but I was like it's not
worth posting YouTube video about it
can't give trolls power and gotta keep
on moving this is our last day in San
Francisco
I know kind of sad yeah bitter bitter
sweet the next time we will see each
other will be less than a month yeah
the shorter words cuz yo girl was
inundated she sure I didn't make the
finalist Sarah Sarah didn't make the
finalists are you ashamed yeah I don't
there's no reason for me to be there
John does not know how to eat edamame
[Applause]
[Music]
you're at Mama's to look like the best
that was so fantastic these are mine
never mind come back later I'm gonna
hang up and enjoy the beautiful city on
our last night here so that's sue she
was so good and see it was vegan sushi I
don't like fish
so I normally don't like sushi but vegan
sushi I can't mess with it's a beautiful
night in San Francisco it's my last
night my last I'm actually in Cuba right
now future Sara is in Cuba right now but
I'm gonna enjoy the last night and SS
it's gonna be amazing
but when I go to the airport
[Music]
I have been running around New York City
today like a maniac
I leave for Cuba tomorrow morning at
around like 5 or 6 a.m. and there's just
a lot of things to do so I've been doing
errands I'm an adult now which is
fantastic at the same time the worst
which means I have to like worry about
taxes so that's been kind of weighing on
my mind for for a hot minute but today I
went to the Upper West Side that's what
you guys kind of saw earlier and it's
beautiful up there also there's just
suitcases everywhere I still haven't
unpacked from my last trip and so it's
like I have 3 3 or 4 different things to
unpack laundry and then pack back up for
it tomorrow it's an exciting time it's
an exciting time I'm stoked I'm I truly
am stoked for Cuba but this is what I
got on the Upper West Side had to pick
this up before my trip tomorrow it is a
so super dope camera bag it is made by
ona ona I see the catch here is the
group I'm going with it's like a squad
of eight to ten awesome instagramers and
Internet people and just awesome
photographers and video people and we
can only bring a carry-on so we have a
carry-on luggage and then like a
backpack where we can keep all of our
camera gear and I've been seeing seeing
your comments like Sarah don't bring the
drone I know thank you for the heads-up
apparently the crime in Cuba like is
almost non-existent because their
punishments are so bad so if you fly a
drone or do any of that type of business
like there's a chance you're probably
gonna get thrown in jail
so not bringing the drone don't want to
end up in a Cuban jail I will respect
that law I'm bummed about it because
Cuba I'm sure looks beautiful from the
sky but I rather be able to come back to
New York so I can upload some videos for
you guys but yeah so this
the bag that I'm going to be putting all
of my camera gear in so I so I don't
know I I'm not gonna bring a ton of
stuff but just enough and I think I can
fit like my laptop in here too so yeah
I'm basically gonna bring this bag for
camera equipment and then my away
luggage
I'll show off the new the new bag it's
pretty right it's so pretty this top
section here already have stuff in here
but a top little slot to put things in
there's a front pocket and this is where
you can have like access to all of the
camera camera gear and things so it goes
all the way up there good fit a ton of
ton of stuff in here like side pocket oh
cool Oh perfect perfect perfect
so there's like a slot back here if you
can see it that goes all the way down I
can put my laptop in woah okay that made
me nervous
cool beans ona why do people say cool
beans still swag so that's the bag
Ambreen this is my away carry on I've
still got a lot of stuff in there so
that is going to be my carry-on so I
think I'm going to be bringing this guys
this is my sony a7s with my 70 to 200
f/4 with image stabilization it's a
hefty lens it's massive but the reason
why I got the f4 is because I'm actually
gonna take it on a trip like Cuba if I
had the 2.8 it's even more massive and
heavy than this and there would be like
no way I would bring it it's definitely
gonna take my sony to 1635 ooh that's
cool gotta have the Sony's the Ravens
I'll miss you the sony a7r has a heck of
a lot more pixels for those crispy
crispy pictures but then a 7 s is better
in low light and video
hmm stay tuned and you'll figure out
which one which one I brought and then
last but certainly not least is my Sony
rx100 5 the mark 5 this is what I shoot
all my vlogs on and what I shoot
basically like just a ton of stuff on
that that is my everything
probably a Joby Gorillapod the bendy
tripod thing and my laptop my hard drive
and a lot of SD cards and I think that's
it ok ok I think I can do this so eight
days in Cuba one carry-on spiffy new
camera bag backpack I think I'm good it
looks like I'm in a jungle
so remember Lola remember when I talked
about getting Lola and how I would kill
kill Lola I forgot to water Lola when I
left for like my three weeks of travel
and she's still looking good um but I
had to had to get rid of a lot of dead
leaves so I'm sorry I remember to water
you so hopefully you'll be fine also I
wanted to do a very special hello to
anyone who is new to this channel who
has checked out and hit that subscribe
button
recently I just want to say welcome to
the peachy fam make sure to say hello
down in the comments and
already-existing peachy fan let's give
them a good welcome let's say hello this
is the coolest community on the
interwebs it is full of a lot of people
who just love to work hard and be
creative and I am so thankful for you
guys and thankful for the fam that is
growing if you are new around here
recently I've been doing a ton of travel
things and I bring you along via vlogs
but then I also do a lot of tech reviews
and a lot of behind the scenes on camera
equipment and how to's and how to edit
and because I have done my fair share of
documentary stuff in the past that I
will link below if you want to check out
that's very focused on like the creative
process and what other filmmakers and
photographers and designers are doing
and I'm actually bringing back some of
some of those things but there's always
something here for you whether you just
want to be entertained via blogs or
inspired or informed I'm always doing
tutorials and fun fun things so welcome
you haven't yet hit that subscribe
button down below to become a part of
the PG fan cuz it's fun it's it's it's a
fun time so thank you guys so much for
watching this vlog let me know if you
liked it and hit that subscribe button
down below I'm currently in Cuba if you
want to know if I'm alive or if I have
wound up somewhere I shouldn't be you
will know probably via Instagram maybe
I'll be updating that um but until until
next week stay peachy okay okay buddy
you